### Exercise 1.1-1
***
Give a real-world example that requires sorting or a real-world example that requires computing a convex hull.

### `Answer`
A phonebook catalog is a simple example that generally requires sorting.

### Exercise 1.1-2
***
Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?

### `Answer`
Memory usage and number of CPU/GPU cycles can be measures of efficiency.

### Exercise 1.1-3
***
Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and limitations.

### `Answer`
Let's discuss an array.

Strengths: 
- Accessing a element is done in O(1)
- It's used to implement others data structures as well
- Can be used to represent a matrix

Limitations:
- The most common usage is done by specifying a fixed amount of memory (except in case of dynamic array)
- If it is not a special array, sorting operation would cost at least O(nlogn)
- Searching in O(logn) with binary search, requires the array to be sorted

### Exercise 1.1-4
***
How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?

### `Answer`
The shortest-path and traveling-salesman are similar mainly, in the way that they can be represented, which is a graph.

However, they are different "classes" of problems. The traveling-salesman is in fact a NP-problem, meaning that it doesn't have an optimal solution. Shortest-path problem on the other hand, has some known algorithms to solve it in order to find an optimal solution.

### Exercise 1.1-5
***
Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then come up with one in which a solution that is "approximately" the best is good enough.

### `Answer`
Problems envolving some math operation, like giving the correct change, only the best solution will do.

In problems of function approximation that can be solved by a Genetic Algorithm, we always set a offset in which the solution is good enough.

